Direct contact to support. <Special Entry>

How can I purchase a ticket?
You can purchase your tickets from the Ticket Sales tab on the left-hand side of the www.flypgs.com homepage, or you can use your mobile/tablet and our iOS or Android apps and a Visa/Mastercard credit card. You can also call our call center on 0090 850 250 67 77  to purchase your ticket.

I want to purchase a ticket, but I want to change the payment currency. How can I do this?
Tick the "Change Currency Box" to the right of the "Checkout Basket", select the desired currency, and complete your ticket purchase.

How can I change a ticket I have already purchased?
Customers who purchased their ticket from flypgs.com or mobile channels can easily access their flight details and make changes on the website by entering their reservation number (PNR) and surname in the "My Ticket Transactions" section on the homepage of the website. Customers who purchased their tickets from the call centre or an agent need to contact our call centre on 0090 850 250 67 77 in order to make any changes. For rules on changing your ticket, we recommend you read the section entitled "Reservation Changes and Ticket Cancellation" in the general rules section.

How can I cancel all or one of my flights?
Customers who purchased their ticket from flypgs.com can access their flight details on the website by entering their reservation number (PNR) and surname in the "My Ticket Transactions" section on the homepage and cancel some or all of their flights. For details about cancellation rules, we recommend you read the general rules section.

Can I add additional services to my ticket?
Passengers who have purchased tickets can also enter their reservation number (PNR) and surname in the "My Flight Services" section under the "My Flight Services" on the flypgs.com home page to select the desired additional services.

Where can I view my electronic ticket?
If you wish, you can view your tickets by entering your reservation number (PNR) and surname in the Manage My Booking area of the flypgs.com homepage and print out a copy.

Can I change the name on a ticket?
It is not possible to change the name on tickets which have been reserved or purchased.

How can I change the contact details matched to a ticked I have purchased?
Customers who purchased their ticket from flypgs.com or mobile channels can easily access their flight details and make changes to the contact details entered when purchasing a ticket by entering their reservation number (PNR) and surname in the "My Ticket Transactions" section on the homepage of the website.

My flight has been cancelled or the scheduled flight time has been changed. What should I do?
If your flight has been cancelled or the scheduled flight time has been changed, you can call our call centre on 0850 250 67 77 for ticket transaction support. Only assistance to do with cancelled flights and changed departure times can be provided on this number.

My journey has been cancelled due to adverse weather conditions. I want to change to another flight. What should I do?
If your flight is cancelled due to adverse weather, you can book another Pegasus Airlines flight on the same route free of charge as long as you do so within 3 days of the cancelled flight. Your new flight must take place no more than 14 days after the cancelled flight. For any requests made outside of the specified restrictions, the only option available will be a deduction-free ticket refund.

My journey has been cancelled due to adverse weather conditions. Can I get a refund?
Refunds for cancelled flights, and for Pegasus Airlines flights that connect to or from the cancelled flight on the same day, are refunded in full with no deductions and can be requested up until the expiry date of the ticket. For refunds of flights connecting to the cancelled flight, the passenger must not have taken the flight concerned. Normal fare rules apply to other flights on the same ticket.

How can I add a child/infant to a ticket I have purchased?
You can add a child/infant to your ticket by contacting our call centre on 0090 850 250 67 77.

I want to make my ticket an open ticket. What should I do?
Passengers can make a ticket they have purchased an open ticket as long as the first flight has not taken place. An open ticket must be used within 1 year of being changed. Only the penalty fees for the relevant class will be applied for this transaction. If there is a price difference between dates, only this will be paid, and no penalty charge will be applied. You can change your ticket to an open ticket by contacting our Call Centre on 0090 850 250 67 77 or via the My Ticket Transactions section of our website.
The applicable class penalty rules will be applied when a passenger changes their ticket to an open ticket.
Open tickets cannot be transferred and the name on the ticket cannot be changed.

I have forgotten my reservation code and ticket number. How can I get my flight information?
Call our call centre on 0090 850 250 67 77 for your flight information.

I received a free ticket from a Pegasus Airlines promotion. How do I use it?
For transactions relating to free tickets, call our call centre on 0090 850 250 67 77.

I want to eat on my flight. Can I order my food in advance?
Meal orders can be made when you buy your ticket up to 24 hours before the flight. If you have already bought your ticket, you can order on our website by going to the homepage of flypgs.com and entering your reservation number (PNR) and surname in the 'Manage My Booking' section.

What food is available?
You can view the Pegasus Café menu on flypgs.com by clicking on 'Travel Services > Flight Services > Pre-Order Meal' or by using this link.

How long before my flight should I order my food?
You can place a food order up to 24 hours before your flight.
Food orders cannot be made less than 24 hours before your flight.

Can I cancel my food order?
If you cancel your flight, the fee paid for your meal will not be refunded.

Can I choose where to sit on the aircraft?
Seating is allocated automatically during the check-in process. If you prefer to choose your own seat, you can pay for a seat reservation when you purchase your ticket. You can also pay for a seat reservation after you have purchased your ticket by going to the homepage of flypgs.com and clicking on "Travel Services > Flight Services > Seat Selection". You can then enter your reservation number (PNR) and surname to complete the seat selection process.

Can I complete check-in without making a paid seat selection?
You will be allocated a seat free of charge during the online check-in process. If you wish, you can complete the check-in process with the seat that has been automatically allocated to you.

Can I cancel the seat I have paid for?
Refunds are not issued for cancelled seat reservations.

Can I pay for extra baggage on top of my checked baggage allowance?
You can purchase additional baggage allowance for the fees specified in the general rulessection of flypgs.com up to 3 hours before your flight. These fees will be cheaper than those offered at the airport.
You can also pay for additional baggage allowance after you have purchased your ticket by going to the homepage of flypgs.com and clicking on "Travel Services > Flight Services > Additional Baggage". You can then enter your reservation number (PNR) and surname to complete the additional baggage process.
If the weight of the checked baggage you are carrying for your flight exceeds the total baggage allowance, you can pay for the excess weight at the airport.

What is the baggage allowance for my infant under the age of 2?
The free baggage allowance for passengers under the age of 2 is 10 kg. Additional baggage allowance cannot be purchased for infant passengers.

I want to bring some sports gear. Do I need to pay extra?
Sports equipment is included in special baggage and so is subject to the fees specified in the general rules .

Can I travel with a pet?
Yes, it is possible to travel with a pet. First of all, you need to call the Pegasus Call Centre on 0090 850 250 67 77 to make a reservation for the pet you are planning to bring with you. Only cats, dogs, and birds (on domestic flights only) can be carried on our flights. For more detailed information, please see the "Travelling with Pets" section on the General Rules page.

I want to travel with a pet on my flight. Do I need any documentation to do this?
Passengers travelling to E.U. countries must hold animal passports for the pets they wish to travel with. In addition, passenger wishing to travel with birds must have a report from a veterinarian.

Can I bring a young pet with me?
Your pet must be at least 3 months old to travel with you.

Do you serve halal meat in the Pegasus Café?
All the products served in the Pegasus Café are prepared in accordance with halal practices. You can view the halal meat certificates of our suppliers from the link below.
Banvit Halal Meat Certificate
Do&Co Halal Meat Certificate

How many kilograms is my free baggage allowance?
There are two types of baggage that can be carried on your flight: hand baggage and checked baggage. Hand baggage is carried with you into the flight cabin. See information regarding weight and dimensions in the "General Rules". Checked baggage is baggage carried in the aircraft's cargo hold.
Baggage allowances vary according to the different flight packages. You can find details of your checked baggage allowance in the 'General Baggage and Portable Items' paragraph of the General Rules' section.

What is the package sales system?
The package sales system offered by Pegasus allows passengers to personalise their trip with four option packages, which include discounted combinations of benefits like seat selection, additional baggage allowance, and flexible cancellations and refunds.

How can I benefit from the package sales system?
You can choose a flight package on the flight results page that appears when you search for flights on flypgs.com.

How many different flight packages are there? What benefits do they offer?
We have 4 types of flight packages.
The Light Package is only available for international flights. With the Light Package, you are entitled only 1 bag no more than 40x30x15 cm in size and 3 kg in weight, that will fit under the seat. There is no cabin baggage or checked baggage allowance. You can customize your flight as you wish with additional services according to your needs.
With the Saver Package, you fly at an affordable price. In addition to 1 cabin baggage and 15 kg checked baggage allowance on domestic flights, 1 under-seat bag, 1 cabin baggage and 20 kg checked baggage allowance on international flights, you can customize the Super Eco Package with other additional services.
The Saver Plus Package offers discounts on the most popular extra services from Pegasus, as well as affordably priced tickets. You can make your journey more comfortable with discounts of up to 50% on extra services.
The Comfort Flex Package offers comfort and flexibility. Enjoy cabin and checked baggage allowance, seat selection, sandwich selection, ticket change and cancellation option with a discount of up to 50%. 
Please click for more details about our packages.

What advantages are there to buying a flight package?
Purchasing additional services together give you a better deal.

Are the packages available on all domestic and international flights?
Packages are available on a large number of Pegasus domestic and international flights.

Can I choose the individual package features as I want?
The Advantage and Comfort Flex Package features are standard. If the package includes seat selection or food options, you can choose the seat or meal you want. Also, if you choose the Basic Package, you can still add whichever additional services you want. However, in this case we advise you not to ignore the price advantage of the Advantage and Comfort Flex Packages.

When purchasing tickets for more than one passenger, can I purchase different packages for different passengers on the same route?
If you are buying a ticket for more than one passenger, the same package is applied to all of them. For example, if you choose a package for one passenger, it will also be applied to everyone else you are purchasing a ticket for.

Can I choose different packages for my outbound and inbound flights?
Yes, it is possible to choose a different package for your outbound and inbound flights.

Does my ticket show the features of the package I have purchased?
You can find details of what is included in your package on our website However, your ticket has a code that relates to the type of package you have bought.

I have a connecting flight. How do flight packages work in this case?
The package you have chosen will be valid for every leg of your connecting flight. However, meal and extra baggage options may vary according to your destination.

On a package flight, can I choose which meal or sandwich I get?
Yes, you can choose your sandwich or meal/breakfast type, depending on your package.

Can I change my flight package meal and seat choices later on?
It is not possible to change your meal choice later on. To change your seat number, a member of counter staff will be able to assist you if there is a suitable seat available on the day of your flight.

I am a Pegasus BolBol member. Can I earn points from flight packages?
You certainly can. You earn points based on the cost of the package.

Can I buy flight packages via your mobile website/app?
Flight packages are available on the Pegasus site and mobile app.

I bought a ticket with a flight package. If I want to change the flight date, will my meal, seating, and baggage entitlement be transferred to my new flight?
If additional services already purchased are the same and available, these will be transferred to new flights; where they cannot be transferred, passengers will be asked to make alternative choices from available additional services. If the additional service purchased for the original flight is not available on the new flight, a refund will be issued.

I bought an Advantage Package. If I want to change my reservation or cancel my flight, will the package cost, including seating, food, and extra baggage, be refunded without deductions?
Deductions are applied to refunds for Advantage Package reservation changes and cancellations. As a result, a charge is deducted from the package cost in accordance with the fare class rules, and the remaining amount is refunded. A table showing the charges applied to each fare class can be found on our website in the General Rules/Reservation Changes and Ticket Cancellation menu.

I purchased a Comfort Flex Package. If I want to change my reservation or cancel my flight, will the package cost, including seating, food, and extra baggage, be refunded without deductions?
Unlike other packages, changes or cancellations to Business Flex Package reservations can be made up to 2 hours before the flight, without incurring any penalties or charges. However, if the fare for your new flight is higher than the original, the fare difference will be payable. If you cancel your ticket, the entire cost of your ticket will be refunded, minus the service charge you paid when you purchased your ticket.

Can I change the date of my ticket after my original flight has departed?
Changes and cancellations must be completed up to 2 hours before a flight. Changes and cancellations cannot be made if there is less than 2 hours before a flight, even on Comfort Flex Package tickets. In this case, only airport taxes will be refunded on Comfort Flex tickets.

Can I buy a flight package for a child or infant travelling with me?
Packages can be bought for children. Tickets are not issued for infants aged 0-2.

Where can I find details of the services included in a flight package?
You can view package features on the pages of our website that explain the flight package system, or by hovering the mouse over the package name on the page where you make your flight choice.

Can I buy a package for an open ticket?
Packages are not available for open tickets.

Who is Gulf Insurance?
Turins Insurance had been operating since 2013, but in June 2016, through the investment of GULF INSURANCE GROUP K.S.C.P, it began serving the Turkish market under the title "GULF INSURANCE".
GULF INSURANCE GROUP K.S.C.P
44% of GULF INSURANCE GROUP K.S.C.P shares are held by the Kuwait Projects Company (KIPCO), and 41.4% are held by Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited, with the remaining shares open to public trade. The company was founded in 1962, and with the experience of these two major companies, it now operates in 9 different countries.

How many regions in Turkey does Gulf Insurance A.Ş. operate in?
Gulf  Insurance has 5 regional offices in addition to its main headquarters. Their offices are in Istanbul, Ankara, Izmir, Adana, and Bursa.

What is travel insurance?
Travel insurance is a range of insurance products and options which cover individuals against personal accident ad medical treatment costs, as well as delays and travel disruption on both domestic and international journeys.

How do you get travel insurance from the Pegasus Airlines website?
You can get travel insurance in two different ways from the Pegasus Airlines website www.flypgs.com.
Together with your Pegasus Airways plane ticket (Ticketed Insurance)
By purchasing one of the recommended products displayed in the special travel insurance section (Optional travel insurance)

Can every one get ticketed insurance?
No. You can only get ticketed travel insurance when travelling with Pegasus Airlines.

Can ticketed travel insurance be refunded or cancelled?
Ticketed travel insurance cannot be cancelled and so premiums cannot be refunded.

I purchased insurance with a round-trip ticket. However, I then changed my flight date to 15 days later. In this case, will I only be covered by my travel insurance for 15 days, given that it is valid for 30?
No. Your travel insurance is an integral part of your ticket. If you change your flight date, your travel insurance will be valid for 30 days as of your new flight date.

What is the age limit in travel insurance?
The minimum age for ticketed travel insurance is 2 months, and there is no upper limit. However, some exceptions apply to passengers over the age of 64 in ticketed travel insurance. There is a minimum age of 6 months for optional travel insurance, and an upper age limit of 80 for Schengen Visa Health Insurance, 65 for Travel Guard Annual Travel Insurance, and 75 for other insurance options.

How long is travel insurance valid for?
Travel insurance is valid between the policy start and end dates specified by the policyholder.

Where is domestic travel insurance valid?
Domestic travel insurance is valid within the boarders of Turkey and covers any journey you make within the boarders of Turkey.

In which regions are travel insurance policies valid?
The ticketed travel insurance offered to Pegasus Airlines passengers is valid in all destinations that Pegasus Airlines fly to. The valid regions of all other travel insurance products are listed below:
· Schengen Products: All Schengen countries
· Worldwide Products: Valid for all regions except Afghanistan, Cuba, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Iran, Syria, Sudan, North Korea, and the Crimea region,
· Domestic Products: Within the boarders of Turkey

What is the customer profile targeted by Gulf Insurance?
Anyone travelling domestically or overseas of eligible age.

What cover will a travel insurance policy give me?
For details regarding products and their cover, please visit the "Products" or "Specific Policy Conditions" section.

Are assistance services included in travel insurance policies?
Yes, they are.

Who do I make claims to?
If you chave a reason to claim, contact us on 0216 681 75 30.

In which situations can I use my Emergency Medical Transport Cover?
In order to use the Emergency Medical Transplantation Cover, you mut first call +90 212 318 0872 /+90 850 488 0472 to obtain approval from Gulf Assitance Services, or to contant Gulf Insurance inc.

What documents do I need to send in order to make a claim?
Click the "What to do in case of claim" link for more information.

How many days will it take to evaluate a claim?
Under the General and Special Terms of your policy, your claim will be evaluated within 2 business days of receipt of all the documents in your claim file.

I had sever toothache while travelling and I visited a dentist. Will my policy cover dental treatment costs?
Natural and intact tooth treatment costs for pain which begins suddenly while travelling, are accompanied by a valid medical report dated during travel, and which are covered by the policy, will be met. Treatments include fillings, surgery, services, or medication, and each tooth is covered up to $100.

I got food poisoning while travelling. I paid for my medical expenses. Will the insurance company reimburse me?
If the policyholder is diagnosed with an illness with clear symptoms for the first time, or is injured as a result of an accident while travelling, the costs of services and medication required for treatment will be covered up to the limits stated in the insurance policy, within the framework of the insurance policy's general and special conditions. For more information about what to do in this situation, click the "What to do in case of claim" link.

I lost the watch that was in my backpack while travelling. Is this covered by lost baggage cover?
Baggage which has been checked by security and is in the care of passengers is not covered by lost baggage cover.

What is ticketed insurance?
Ticketed insurance is offered to Pegasus Airlines passengers and provides offers and discounts. Ticketed travel insurance is valid for 48 hours on one-way tickets and for 30 days on round-trip tickets. Travel insurance expires once you have returned to the place you live after travelling. Ticketed travel insurance is only valid when travelling with Pegasus Airlines.

How do I contact Gulf Insurance inc. in an emergency?
You can contact Gulf Insurance Assistance Services while overseas on the following numbers:
24 Hour Emergency Assistance & Travel Advice Line
Gulf Insurance Assistance Service Tel: +90 212 318 0872
Tel: +90 850 488 0472
Gulf Insurance inc. : + 90 216 681 75 30
pegasusseyahat@gulfsigorta.com.tr

How can I access my Mobile Boarding Pass (barcode) again?
You can access your mobile boarding card (barcode) again via our website or mobile app.
To access your mobile boarding pass via the website:
- Log into www.flypgs.com.
- Click “Online Check-In”.
- Enter your details to log in.
- Send you mobile boarding pass via SMS or e-mail.
To access your mobile boarding pass via the Pegasus app:
- Download the Pegasus app to your device.
- Tap the “My Mobile Boarding Passes” menu.
- Enter your details to log in.
- Send you mobile boarding pass via SMS or e-mail.

The barcode link that was sent via SMS to my Android device won’t open. What should I do?
Click on the link sent by SMS to your Android phone and select ‘Open URL’ from the options given. Then select your default browser from the ‘Open With’ options given to you.
If you want to open the barcode from the Pegasus mobile app, you are redirected to the app’s main page. To access your barcode easily and quickly, please follow the steps above.

What is online check-in? What are the benefits?
Check-in is the name for the airport procedure, which includes baggage handling and ticket control. You can check-in online before arriving at the airport by selecting the Check-in tab on flypgs.com and entering your reservation number (PNR), name, and surname. Use the special counters at the airport to complete the check-in process quickly. Passengers without baggage can check-in online and get their boarding pass sent by SMS to their mobile phone or by email. They can then go straight to security control with their boarding card and continue on to the boarding gate for their flight.

How do I check in online?
You can check in online by selecting the Check-in tab on flypgs.com and entering your reservation number (PNR), name, and surname. Alternatively, you can check in with your mobile phone using our mobile app or via our mobile website.

When can I check in online?
For tickets purchased from our website, call centre, agents, or airport sales offices, you can check-in at flypgs.com or via our mobile app at the earliest 2 days before your flight, and no later than 60 minutes before.

Can I check in online using the mobile app?
Passengers can check in using Pegasus apps for iPhone, Android, and iPad.
Check-in can be completed by tapping on the check-in button on the main menu and entering your reservation number (PNR), name and surname. You can also check in from your mobile phone by going to our mobile site at mobile.flypgs.com.
The Mobile Boarding Pass (barcode) sent by email or SMS (or the passbook app for iPhone users) to passengers who check in using their mobile phone is read by Mobile Boarding Pass (barcode) readers at the boarding gates for international flights departing from Sabiha Gökçen and other boarding gates at specified airports in Turkey, allowing passengers to board the aircraft.

What is a Mobile Boarding Pass (Barcode)? What are the benefits?
A Mobile Boarding Pass barcode is a QR [square] code sent to Pegasus passengers when they check in and can be used in place of a boarding card. Passengers with a Mobile Boarding Pass (barcode) can go through the boarding gates for international flights departing from Sabiha Gökçen, as well as boarding gates at other airports in Turkey, by scanning their Mobile Boarding Pass (barcodes) on the smart devices/mobile barcode readers, and then enter the aircraft.
Mobile Boarding Pass (barcodes) can be obtained by checking in via the website as well as mobile platforms.
Begin the online check-in process at flypgs.com, using your mobile phone via the mobile website at mobile.flypgs.com, or using the Pegasus apps for iPhone, Android, and iPad.
 Click on the check-in menu.
 Find flights you can check in for by entering your reservation number (PNR), name and surname.
 Choose the relevant flight and follow the steps on the page to complete your check-in.
After you have checked in, you will be redirected to a page, which will ask you to enter your email address and mobile number. Enter your details and confirm.
A message containing your flight details and Mobile Boarding Pass will be sent to the email address and mobile number you have provided.  
·        When you click the link, your Mobile Boarding Pass will be displayed.
Passengers without baggage can pass quickly and easily through airport procedures by showing their Mobile Boarding Pass (barcode) to officials at security control and at the boarding gate.
We recommend that our passengers take a screenshot of their Mobile Boarding Pass (barcode). The screenshot of the Mobile Boarding Pass (barcode) can be used if no internet connection is available.

What is the "Check-in Fee" shown on the flight summary when purchasing a ticket?
This is a processing fee charged by all Pegasus sales outlets (agents, website, call centre, sales offices, and mobile app). In accordance with the code of practice, the charge is deducted when you buy your ticket and is not related to where you check in. 

What are the check-in fee rules?
During the ticketing process, a check-in fee, starting from TRY 15 on domestic flights, USD 2 for flights arriving in and EUR 2 for flights departing from North Cyprus, USD 10 (or the equivalent in local currency) on international flights is charged for each passenger on the reservation number (PNR) and each flight segment of all tickets. This fee varies according to the country and flight route taken.
The check-in fee will only be charged once for transit flights that share the same flight number for each leg, but connecting flights with different flight numbers will be subject to a check-in fee for each separate leg of the journey.

Is check-in complete after the check-in fee has been paid?
No, it is not yet complete. The check-in process must be completed before the flight via any of the available check-in channels and in line with the Pegasus general rules.

Can I check in online if there is more than one flight included on the same reservation number (PNR)?
You need to check in separately for each flight included on your reservation number (PNR)

Can I check in online if there is more than one passenger included on the same reservation number (PNR)?
You need to check in separately for each passenger included on your reservation number (PNR). Although you need to check in separately for each passenger on your reservation, you can check them all in at the same time.

Can I check in online for a connecting flight?
You can check in for any flight on your reservation number (PNR). Separate boarding passes can be printed for each flight. We recommend that passengers with connecting flights print the boarding pass for every connecting flight they have checked in for before arriving at the airport in order to save time when catching their connecting flight.

I purchased a seat. Do I need to check in?
Purchasing the seat is not the same as checking in.

What is Pegasus BolBol?
Pegasus BolBol is a flight program that allows Pegasus Airlines passengers to earn points when they buy flights and additional services such as seat reservation, meals, or extra baggage allowances, as well as from purchases made with Pegasus BolBol Program partners. Members can then use their BolPoints at Pegasus Airlines to purchase flights and extra services. Pegasus BolBol members can join the scheme free of charge and take advantage of any offers or privileges without any extra charges, other than those which earn BolPoints.

What is my Pegasus BolBol membership number? Will I get a card?
Your Pegasus BolBol membership number is your mobile telephone number, and all transactions are made online. There is no actual physical card.

The Pegasus BolBol Credit Card is a joint brand card issued by ING Bank, a Program Business Partner, and applications for this are made via ING Bank. Credit card holders also have full rights to Pegasus BolBol membership and can use the mobile phone number they use for banking for Pegasus transactions as well.

Can I continue using my current passcode? Should I create a new passcode?
You can add '00' to the front of your existing 4-digit Pegasus Plus passcode to get your 6-digit passcode, or you can create a new 6-digit passcode. To reset your passcode, use the “I Forgot My passcode” option.

I have forgotten my passcode and username. What should I do?
In the Pegasus BolBol Program, your membership number is your mobile phone number. You can enter the mobile phone number you have registered with the program into any field that asks for your membership number. If you have forgotten your passcode, you can request a new one by clicking on the "I Forgot My Passcode" option on the Pegasus BolBol sign in page at  flypgs.com or on the Pegasus Mobile Application . You can also request help via our Call centre. Calls to our Call centre will be charged at the calling rate advertised by Pegasus.

What are the advantages of becoming a Pegasus BolBol member?
As a Pegasus Bolbol member, you earn 1 BolPoints for every 1 TL you spend on flight tickets purchased using the mobile application. On tickets purchased from flypgs.com and other channels, you earn 1 BolPoint for every TL 1 spent.
For example, if you buy a flight ticket for 100 TL, when you fly, you would earn 100 BolPoints if you bought this ticket through the mobile app, or 100 BolPoints if you bought it through flypgs.com or other channels.
For additional service purchases made through the mobile app, 1 BolPoints are credited to the member account for every 1 TL spent.

How long is the membership period?
There are no time limitations to Pegasus BolBol membership. Your membership does not have an expiry date and will not need to be reactivated.

Can anyone else use my membership?
Pegasus BolBol membership is unique to each member and personal details are secret. To use your BolPoints, you need to log in as a member using the mobile phone number you have registered in the system and your 6-character passcode. You can use your BolPoints to buy tickets for someone else. To protect your personal security, you must not share your passcode with anyone else.

I want to change/update my contact details. What should I do?
You can update your name, surname, mobile phone number and email details once a year by logging into the Pegasus BolBol members’ area.
If you wish to make changes more than once, you can send your request by filling out the form in the "Contact Us" section of our website.

How can I use my BolPoints?
If you have signed in as a member, you can search for flights using the flight search screen, then you can use the TL-BolPoints conversion button located on the top right corner of the internet page and the bottom right corner of the mobile application to view your BolPoints. Continue the process with the BolPoints total to make payment using your BolPoints at checkout.
At checkout, you'll be offered different payment options depending on the available BolPoints in your account. Even if the BolPoints in your account is not sufficient to cover the total of your basket, you'll still see options which will allow you to use your BolPoints at checkout.
In order to purchase a ticket using BolPoints, you must have at least 2000 BolPoints in your account.

Where can I spend my BolPoints?
When buying tickets from Pegasus via flypgs.com and our mobile application, you can use your BolPoints to purchase seat selection, extra baggage allowance, add Pegasus Flex (unlimited change) to your ticket, and to make meal orders. You can save up enough BolPoints to pay for your entire ticket or pay part of the cost in BolPoints and part in cash.

How do I find out how many BolPoints I have?
You can check how many BolPoints you have earned by signing into the Pegasus BolBol membership page on  flypgs.com or the Pegasus mobile app. Alternatively, you can find out by phoning our Call centre and entering your membership number and passcode.

Can I turn my BolPoints into cash?
BolPoints earned through the Pegasus BolBol membership scheme cannot be converted into cash.

I can’t see the BolPoints for a ticket I bought. What should I do?
BolPoints earned from tickets and extra services should appear in your account no later than 72 hours after your flight. To ensure the BolPoints are automatically added to your account, you need to log in before buying a ticket, or enter the mobile number you have registered to the scheme into the Pegasus BolBol member’s number field when filling in the passenger details section during your ticket purchase.
If you do not see your BolPoints in your account even after you have entered your BolBol membership number and 72 hours have passed since taking your flight, you can use our call centre or you can make a request via the "Contact Us" section on flypgs.com

Can I earn BolPoints for flights I took previously?
At any time, you can request BolPoints for flights taken in the previous 6 months. You can do this via flypgs.com , the Pegasus mobile application, or by contacting our call centre. As well as adding your previous flights to Pegasus BolBol, you can also add future flights you have purchased without entering your membership number. These BolPoints will be added to your account automatically once you have taken your flight. There is no date limit for processing your future flights. To add your past and future flights, you need to sign in via the Pegasus BolBol page on  flypgs.com or Pegasus mobile application, and then select the Add Flight option in the "Point Status" section. Enter the PNR or e-ticket number for your flight here.

Can I merge BolPoints from my spouse's account with my own BolPoints?
It is not possible to merge accounts registered to different members, but you can use your BolPoints to buy a ticket for someone else.

I have two membership accounts. Can I merge them?
Membership accounts found to be registered to the same member can be merged. If certain details are the same on different membership accounts, they'll be identified by the system and automatically merged. You can also make a request to merge accounts belonging to the same person by contacting our call centre or writing to us via the "Contact Us" page of flypgs.com. If there are any BolPoints in either of the accounts they'll be merged and appear in the new account.

My child is flying with me. Can I use their BolPoints?
Passengers aged 2-17 can open a membership account as long as it is linked to a parent's account. BolPoints earned by these linked members are added to the account they are linked to. To set up a membership linked to your account, you need to sign in on the Pegasus BolBol page at flypgs.com, then go to Membership Settings and find the section "Children and Young Persons Accounts". On this page you can set up a linked membership for children aged 2-17 and start to earn BolPoints from their flights. When your child turns 18, they will be removed from your account. They can continue to earn BolPoints by opening an account in their own name when they reach 18.

Can I purchase a ticket for my child with my BolPoints?
You can use your points to buy a ticket or extra services for your child or any other person. General flight restrictions apply to children aged between 2 and 12 who are travelling alone. We recommend that you read the flight rules on this subject

How do I become a member? What are the different ways that I can apply?
You can set up your membership to start earning and using your BolPoints on the Pegasus BolBol page at flypgs.com  and the mobile website, or by filling in the form on our mobile app. You can sign into the membership page with the passcode sent to you when you create your membership and your mobile phone number. Here, you can see specially selected promotions, as well as your flight details and FlightPoints.

Do my BolPoints have an expiry date?
BolPoints will expired at the end of the second calendar year following the date on which they were earned. The validity period of earned BolPoints may vary depending on the earning conditions set by Pegasus. Pegasus reserves the right to differentiate the validity periods of BolPoints, provided that this is indicated before they are earned.
Your oldest BolPoints are used first by the system. BolPoints that are no longer valid are automatically removed from your account on the last day of the year. Pegasus is not obliged to inform members about BolPoints that are about to expire.
If your ticket is refunded after the expiry date of the BolPoints that you used to buy it, the points will be deleted from your account automatically as "expired points"; they won't reappear in your account and you won't be able to use them again.
If a ticket is refunded while the tickets are still valid, the BolPoints will be refunded to the member’s BolBol account after deducting any penalty for the ticket refund.
You can check BolPoints that are about to expire by signing into the Pegasus Plus pages at  flypgs.com , using your mobile number and passcode.

Will I have any BolPoints to spend when I first use my account?
You need to take a flight in order to start accumulating BolPoints in your account. After your first flight, in addition to the points you have earned from the ticket, a gift of 1000 BolPoints will be credited to your account by Pegasus BolBol. You can start using the points in your account starting from your second flight. To purchase a ticket using BolPoints you must have a minimum of 2000 BolPoints in your account.
You do not have to fly in order earn BolPoints through program partners. If you have earned BolPoints from programme partners, you can start spending them starting from your second flight.

I updated the app, but I can’t see my BolPoints. What should I do?
After you have updated the app, you just need to log in to your Pegasus BolBol account again in order to see your BolPoints points and use them as you wish.
ING Pegasus BolBol Classic Credit Card
ING Pegasus BolBol Classic Credit Cardholders will enjoy all the benefits of the Pegasus BolBol loyalty programme in addition to those offered by ING Bonus’s instalment and Bonus points scheme. You can earn 20 BolPoints for every 100 TL spent and 40 BolPoints for every 100 TL spent using an ING Pegasus BolBol Classic Card, for purchasing flight tickets or other travel services with Pegasus.
The contactless feature enables you to make payments quickly and easily.
*No BolPoints can be earned for payments of invoices and taxes, insurance services, public transactions and services, road and bridge tolls and fines. The maximum amount of BolPoints that can be earned in a single billing period is 0.5% in TL of the card’s limit. No additional BolPoints can be earned for spending more than the card’s limit in a single billing period.

ING Pegasus BolBol Premium Credit Card. What are the benefits?
ING Pegasus BolBol Premium Credit Cardholders will enjoy all the benefits of the Pegasus BolBol loyalty programme in addition to those offered by ING Bonus’s instalment and Bonus points scheme. You can earn 50 BolPoints for every 100 TL spent and 100 BolPoints for every 100 TL spent using an ING Pegasus BolBol Premium Card, for purchasing flight tickets or other travel services with Pegasus.
The contactless feature enables you to make payments quickly and easily. You also have free Travel Insurance once a year.
With the Pegasus BolBol Premium Credit Card, you have access to the services listed below at Sabiha Gökçen Airport:
-       Free Flash Pass Service 10 times a year
-       50% discount on the Lounge 10 times a year
-       50% discount on Valet Parking 10 times a year
*No BolPoints can be earned for payments of invoices and taxes, insurance services, public transactions and services, road and bridge tolls and fines. The maximum amount of BolPoints that can be earned in a single billing period is 1% in TL of the card’s limit. No additional BolPoints can be earned for spending more than the card’s limit in a single billing period.

How can I apply for the ING Pegasus BolBol Premium Card?
You can click here to apply for an ING Pegasus BolBol Premium Card.
The annual service charge for the ING Pegasus BolBol Premium Card is 558 TL. For any questions, contact ING BANK.

How do I earn BolPoints from Avis and Budget car hire?
The promotion applies to rentals from Budget or Avis Türkiye. When renting your car from the car rental pages under flpygs.com, you need to enter your Pegasus BolBol membership number at this stage. Remember, your Pegasus BolBol membership number is the mobile phone number you entered during program registration. If you don't enter your Pegasus BolBol number before completing your reservation, you won't earn BolPoints.
Also, if you rent your car from a Budget or Avis Türkiye office, you can earn BolPoints by informing the agent of your membership number. If you're not a Pegasus BolBol member, you won't earn BolPoints.
Regardless of the class and duration of the rental, you'll earn 500 BolPoints per rental.
BolPoints earned from vehicle rental are credited to members' accounts on a weekly basis.
You'll earn 500 BolPoints per rental from Avis and Budget Türkiye offices.  Click for details.

How do I earn BolPoints from Rocketmiles hotel reservations?
When making your hotel reservation, select Pegasus BolBol as your loyalty program and enter your Pegasus BolBol membership number when completing the reservation. Remember, your Pegasus BolBol membership number is the mobile phone number you entered during program registration. If you're not a Pegasus BolBol member, you won't earn BolPoints. If there is more than one guest on the reservation, only Pegasus BolBol members whose membership number is entered will earn BolPoints.
You'll earn 1000-15000 BolPoints for every night of accommodation. You'll see the amount of BolPoints you'll earn during the reservation.
The BolPoints you earn will be credited to your BolBol 
account 2 weeks after your stay. 
You'll earn 1000-15000 BolPoints for every night of accommodation. Click for details.

I want to cancel my membership. What do I need to do?
To cancel your Pegasus BolBol membership, log in as a member and click on "Cancel Membership", which you will find in the "Edit Profile" section. Alternatively, you can send your cancellation request either via the "Contact Us" page or by contacting our call centre

How can I apply for the ING Pegasus BolBol Classic Card?
You can click here to apply for an ING Pegasus BolBol Classic Card.
The annual service charge for the ING Pegasus BolBol Classic Card is 205 TL. For any questions, contact ING BANK.

How do I earn BolPoints from Hotels.com reservations?
You'll earn 30 BolPoints for every 100 TL spent for accommodation bookings Click for details.

How do I earn BolPoints from Airbnb reservations?
You’ll earn 500 BolPoints for every stay booked through Airbnb.. Click for details.

How many BolPoints do I need to buy a ticket?
For tickets that can be purchased using BolPoints, in addition to the BolPoint amount determined for the relevant season and route, the Transportation Fee items Airport Tax, Check-in Fee and Service Fee are also charged. For tickets that can be purchased using BolPoints, the amount of BolPoints determined for the relevant season and route is 7,500 BolPoints for domestic winter season flights, 15,000 BolPoints for domestic summer season flights, 20,000 BolPoints for International and Cyprus winter season flights and 30,000 BolPoints for International and Cyprus summer season flights. If you have sufficient BolPoints in your account, you can pay the specified amounts in BolPoints, in addition to tax, service fees and check-in fees.

Ho do I cancel a ticket purchased with BolPoints?
After 14.08.2020, when cancelling tickets purchased using BolPoints, a fee of 70 TL for domestic flights and flights to and from Cyprus, and 55 USD for international flights will be charged. After the charge has been paid, any money paid will be refunded in full, and the BolPoints used will be credited to your account. If any changes have been made to the ticket prior to cancellation, the amount to be refunded will be the amount of the last ticket purchased. Tickets purchased with BolPoints before this date (14.08.2020) will be subject to the old ticket change rules and no fee will be charged.

When I open the app, it says it is updating but it doesn’t update. What should I do?
Unfortunately, the Android operating system of our Pegasus Mobile App does not support versions prior to 4.2.
You can continue to use our app by updating your Android operating system.

What official documents do I need to have with me in order to fly?
In accordance with security rules, only the following documents will be accepted:
·         National ID Card
·         Driving Licence
·         Passport or documents valid instead of passports
·         Marriage certificate
·         A birth certificate up until one month after birth (to be accompanied by the parent's ID.)
·         Visa and/or passport for international flights

I'm travelling to a Schengen country. What should I take into consideration?
With the entry into force of the EU Regulation No. 610/2013, Article 5 of Regulation No. 562/2006, which regulates the conditions for entry of third country nationals into the EU, has changed. The travel documents carried by short-stay nationals of countries which are not members of the EU must meet the following criteria:
The travel document must be valid for at least 3 months as of the date of departure from Member Country regions.
This travel document must have been issued within the last 3 years.
Border Control will impose fines if the travel document does not meet the criteria above.

I cannot make a flight because of ill health or a death in the family. What can be done with my ticket?
In case of ill health, you must send us a medical certificate proving your medical condition signed and stamped by your doctor via the Contact Us section of the website. If a first degree relative has passed away and you are unable to make your flight because of their funeral, you must send us a copy of their death certificate.
If you are looking for the answer to another question, click to see the other question categories.

Where can agency transactions be carried out?
For agency transactions, please contact us at acentedestek@flypgs.com

What is a paid reservation? How do I make one?
If you want to lock the ticket price of a flight you have found and/or prefer to pay for it later, you can make a paid reservation, which will reserve the ticket for a specific period of time. The paid reservation option can be chosen on the page listing flight options after you have done a flight search. You will see a section with a key icon located under the table for flight options. Check the box marked 'I want to lock the price' and click 'continue' to be redirected to a page where you can choose the number of days you want to make your reservation for.

Can I reserve a ticket?
You can secure the price of your chosen ticket online and make a paid reservation.

Can I change the date of a flight with a locked price that I have paid to reserve?
Yes, you can. However, the reservation period will be cancelled and you will need to complete the ticketing process or make another paid reservation.

Details about my paid reservation have not arrived to my e-mail. What should I do?
Only flight information for tickets that have been fully paid for is sent by email.

How many people can I make a group reservation for?
You can make a reservation for 10-25 people directly via our website. You can send requests for 26-100 people using the request form. You can find other details about your group reservations here.

How do I buy a ticket after I have made a paid reservation?
You can complete your purchase by going to the 'Manage My Bookings' section on the Flypgs.com homepage and entering your reservation number (PNR) and surname to be redirected to the sales page.

How do I find cheap flights?
If your travel dates are flexible and you want to find the cheapest ticket, follow these steps:
Don't leave reservations to the last minute.
Try to book your reservations as early as possible.
If you're not sure about your travel dates, fix the price of cheap flight tickets you've found.
Keep an eye on Pegasus' special offers.
Keep an eye on seasonal introductory offers.
Try not to travel at weekends and during public holidays.
Travel outside of peak season.

Why choose Pegasus for cheap flight ticket reservation?
Pegasus Airlines is a low-cost airline based in Turkey that offers affordable flight options to a variety of destinations throughout Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. Here are some reasons why you might choose Pegasus for your cheap flight ticket reservation:
Low fares: Pegasus offers some of the lowest fares available for air travel, making it an attractive option for budget-conscious travelers.
Extensive route network: Pegasus operates flights to more than 100 destinations in over 40 countries, making it a convenient choice for travelers who want to explore a variety of destinations.
Easy booking process: Pegasus offers an easy-to-use online booking system that allows you to search and compare fares, select your preferred flights, and complete your reservation quickly and easily.
Frequent Flyer Program: Pegasus has a frequent flyer program called Pegasus BolBol, which allows you to earn and redeem points for flights, seat upgrades, and other benefits.
Flexibility: Pegasus offers a range of fare options, including basic, standard, and flexible fares, to suit different travel needs and budgets.
While there may be other airlines that offer low fares and competitive pricing, Pegasus has built a strong reputation for its affordability and extensive route network, making it a popular choice for travelers looking for cheap flight ticket reservations.

How do I purchase a cheap flight ticket with Pegasus?
Buying cheap flight tickets with Pegasus Airlines is really simple. Just enter the destination you're travelling to at flypgs.com or on the mobile app to list available flights, then choose the cheapest flight on the date that suits you.

How to reserve plane tickets online?
To make an online flight reservation over the internet, sign in at www.flypgs.com/en or download the Pegasus mobile app on your mobile device.
Then, create a list of available flights by entering your points of departure and arrival, and your travel dates. Select your flight, make any additional selections and enter your information. Then you can reserve your ticket securely.

What is the best day of the week to buy plane tickets?
There is no one "best" day of the week to buy plane tickets that applies universally to all airlines and routes. However, there are some general trends and tips that may be helpful in finding cheaper flights:
Book in advance: Generally, the earlier you book your flight, the more likely you are to get a better price.
Avoid peak travel times: Flights during holidays and weekends tend to be more expensive. Instead, consider traveling during off-peak times, such as midweek.
Be flexible with your travel dates: Sometimes, shifting your travel dates by a day or two can make a significant difference in price.
Set up price alerts: Many travel websites and airlines offer price alert services that will notify you when the price of a particular flight changes.
Consider alternative airports: Sometimes, flying into or out of a smaller airport near your destination can be less expensive.
Ultimately, the best day to buy plane tickets will vary based on the specific route, and timing of your travel plans. It's a good idea to do some research and compare prices across multiple dates to find the best deal for your specific needs.

Is it cheaper to book flights at the last minute?
Contrary to popular belief, booking flights at the last minute is not necessarily cheaper. In fact, it can often be more expensive, especially during peak travel times when demand for flights is high.
Pegasus Airlines use dynamic pricing, which means that the price of a flight can fluctuate based on factors such as demand, time of year, and available seats. When you book a flight at the last minute, you're often competing with other travelers who are also looking to book seats on the same flight. This increased demand can cause prices to rise.
In addition, Pegasus Airlines may sometimes offer discounts for booking in advance, as it helps them to better manage their capacity and plan for the number of passengers on a particular flight.
That being said, it's generally best to book your flight as far in advance as possible to secure the best price.